If you use cloud code, then here are
five GitHub repos you need to check out
before starting your next project. So
number one is the UIUX Promax GitHub.
Think of this as the front-end design
skill on steroids. So the nice thing
about it is it has intelligent design
system generation. So it has essentially
different systems based on what it is
you're trying to build. So we get away
from the generic AI slop that's
plastered all over the internet no
matter what you're actually creating.
Now, number two is GSD, the get
done framework. You've probably heard me
talk about this one a lot. It's
essentially a specd driven development
framework that lives on top of cloud
code, and it's perfect if you're trying
to build a new project from scratch and
want something that's going to handle
things like sub agents and context
window rot all automatically. Now,
number three is one of my personal
favorites, and that's the NAN MCP
server. Now, Cloud Code is really good
at creating NAND workflows from scratch.
But if you combine it with this MCP
server, it actually is even better. And
that's because this MCP server gives it
access to over a thousand nodes, their
properties, their operations, their
documentation, and almost 3,000 real
examples. Now, this MCP server is kind
of heavy, so there's only specific use
cases when it makes sense. But if you're
specifically driving towards an endgame
that includes a rather complex NAD
solution, then you definitely want to
try this one. Number four is Obsidian
Skills. And this repo is all about
combining the powers of Claude Code and
Obsidian. And if you don't know what
Obsidian is, it's essentially one of the
best tools out there for creating a
second brain for Claude Code. So if you
just want something that's going to
remember everything, then you definitely
need to try this one. And last but not
least is Awesome Claude Code. Now, this
is a repo that essentially just has a
bunch of skills, workflows, toolings,
commands. It's like a one-stop shop for
everything you need for supercharging
your Claude Code workflows. Now, if you
want to learn more about Cloud Code and
how to actually build things and sell
them, make sure to check out my
community. There's a link to it in my
bio.